Replace .NET Framework 2.0 tokens (#12976)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/developing-apps/programming/drives-directories-files/classes-used-in-net-framework-file-io-and-the-file-system.md

# Classes Used in .NET Framework File I/O and the File System (Visual Basic)
The following tables list the classes commonly used for .NET Framework file I/O, categorized into file I/O classes, classes used for creating streams, and classes used to read and write to streams.  
  

>  To enter the .NET Framework 2.0 documentation and find a more comprehensive listing, see [Class Library Overview](../../../../standard/class-library-overview.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more comprehensive listing, see [Class Library Overview](../../../../standard/class-library-overview.md).  
```
